=pod

=head1 NAME

First Bank of Seamus O'Reilly - ATM

=head1 USAGE

In a web browser type or paste into the address bar: http://dsass.userworld.com/perl/04/15/HW2/atm.cgi

=over 8

=item* Login

The Login page shows Customer and Administrator Login panels. The Customer Login
requires a customer's Account Number and Password. Input the number and password
and press I<Login>. If the Account Number and Password are valid an Account Menu
page will be displayed. If the values are not valid the Login page will be refreshed.

The Administrator Login requires an Administrator Password. Input the password and
press I<Login>. If the Password is valid a New Accounts page (see below) will be displayed.
If the value is not valid the Login page will be refreshed and an attempt with valid
information will be required.

=item* Account Menu

The Account Menu presents a page with an account summary: Account Number, Owner Name(s),
and Balance. Below the summary a list of radio buttons provides access to Credit/Debit
and Account Transfer transactions and a detailed Account Statement.

Press one of the radio buttons to select a desired Transaction. If you change
your mind about the transaction, press the Reset button to clear any Amount inputs
and re-select the Statement button.

When finished performing account transactions press I<Logout> return to the Login page.

=item* Credit, Debit or Transfer-to-Account Transactions

Credit or Debit Transaction increase or decrease an account balance, respectively. The
form requires an Amount for the transaction to take place. When the I<Select> button
is pressed the transaction is performed. A transaction summary page will be displayed.

=item* Transfer Funds

A Transfer Transaction decreases the current account and increases the to-account by
the Amount selected. Select a transfer-to account from the pull-down menu and an Amount.
Press I<Transfer> to execute the Transfer. A summary status page will be displayed after
the transfer.

=item* Create Statement

An Account Statement lists the account number, owner name(s) and account balance in a
summary table. A list of all account transactions by date, type and amount is shown
below the summary.

=item* Create new account

The Administrator Login is required to create a new account. After inputting a
valid Administrator password a New Account page is displayed that requires a
first name, last name, amount of initial deposit, and password. Pressing the I<Create>
button creates an account in the database using the New Account information. The
password is encrypted and stored in the database.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This ATM application was created to satisfy requirements for the O'Reilly School of
Technology Applied Perl, Lesson 15, Objective 2. The CGI program and support files
demonstrate use of Perl modules and web HTML automation.

The ATM application consists of the following files:

=over 4

=item* atm.cgi

control program for ATM. atm.cgi works in concert with ATM.pm and atm.tmpl to
provide ATM menus and displays and to control data flow from and into the database.

=item* ATM.pm

support modules and subroutines

=item* atm.tmpl

HTML::Template source that defines the ATM displays

=item* atm_create_db.pl

Perl program to initialize a database

=item* atm.mysql

MySQL statements that initialize a database and populate several accounts.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Written by I<Dennis Sass>.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

The CGI scripts in this project depend on the following Perl modules:

=over 4

=item* CGI

http://perldoc.perl.org/CGI.html

=item* Class::DBI

http://search.cpan.org/~tmtm/Class-DBI-v3.0.17/lib/Class/DBI.pm

=item* HTML::TEMPLATE

http://search.cpan.org/~samtregar/HTML-Template/Template.pm

=item* ATM.pm

Defines the characteristics of the database; contains subroutines that perform
specific processing of data in and out of the database.

=back

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2012 Dennis Sass dennis.sass@cox.net

This software is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut
